
This website is designed to be use a mobile phone, so for simplicity during development, put wide spacers on either side so that what’s shown fits the form factor of a mobile phone.

1. **Landing Page**: User opens the website and sees a login screen / landing page. Header text is “NextWorkout.io”, subtitle is “Find your optimal next workout, for the not-so-consistent athlete”, and then below that is a button that says “Log in”.
2. **Home Page - Action Buttons**: After the user logs in with Google/whatever (creates an account), there are three buttons shown that span most of the width of the screen: “add exercises”, “record workout”, and “view workouts”
3. **Home Page - Next Exercises**: Below the two buttons, all of the users exercise groups will show; below each of them, the two exercises that it’s been the longest since the user performed show.
4. **Add Exercises Page - Create Exercise Group**: Once the user clicks “add exercises”, they’re taken to the Add Exercises page. From here, they can create exercise groups and exercises. Since the user does not have any exercise groups, the only option shown at first will be to create an exercise group. Clicking “create exercise” will make a window pop up that sits on top of the screen where they enter the name of the exercise group and choose from a predefined list of colors. They’ll hit “create” to confirm in the pop-up window, and then the exercise group will be added. Exercise groups are rectangles that span most of the width of the screen.
5. **Add Exercises Page - Create Exercise**: Below an exercise group, each exercise will be shown as a square. 3-4 of these squares should fit in a single row. The last exercise in every group should be a blank grey square with a plus sign and the text “create exercise”. Since the user just created an exercise group, this is the only exercise that shows. Clicking this button will make a window pop up on top of the screen where the user enters the Exercise name and “details” (usually sets, rep, weight).
6. **Add Exercises Page - Edit Exercise Group**: There should be a small pencil icon in the top right corner of each exercise group; the user can click this to edit the details (name + color+ of the exercise group). In the pop up window, there should also be a “delete exercise group” button; when the user clicks this, it asks for confirmation. If the user clicks yes, then it asks “would you like to delete exercises [list names of exercises here], or move them to a different exercise group?” There’s a checkbox that says “delete” and a checkbox that says “move to another group”; if the user checks “move to another group”, a dropdown appears where the options are the other workout groups. The user selects one of those groups. Then, they click a “confirm” button at the bottom of the pop up window, which does the selected action (either delete or move exercise).
7. **Add Exercises Page - Edit Exercise**: There should be a small pencil icon in the top right corner of each exercise; the user can click this to edit the details (name + details of the exercise). There’s also text that says “move to another exercise group”, and a dropdown where you can select other groups. There’s also a delete exercise group button, which shows a confirmation screen same as before. When making non-delete changes, there’s a confirm/save button at the bottom of the pop up; when you save, it will apply the desired action.
8. **Add Exercises Page - Reorder Exercise Groups**: At the top of the add exercises page, there should be a “reorder exercise group” button. This hides all the exercises within each group, just showing the larger rectangles, and allows the user to drag and reorder the exercise groups. There’s a “save” button that shows up, that the user will click to then confirm the locations of the exercise groups.
9. **Home Page**: The user will navigate back to the homepage by clicking the home logo in the top left corner of the site header.
10. **Add Workout Page**: Once the user goes to the add workout page, it will show all of their workout groups and workouts. Above that, at the top of the page, is a neutral colored wide rectangle that says “this workout”; below it are the exercises that have been added to this workout. The user can go click on any of their exercises, adding 1 set of it to their workout. A small text below the exercise box in the “This workout” section indicates the number of sets. Clicking the exercise in the main exercise area adds it for 1 set; clicking it more times will add more sets, and clicking the exercise box in the “this workout” area will subtract a set, and if it’s already at 1 set, will remove the exercise from the workout. Once at least one exercise has been selected, a “Record workout” button will show that submits the exercise and takes the user back to the homepage.
11. **Home Page - Change N**: The user, back on the homepage now, can click on an exercise group to change the number of least-recent exercises to show.
12. **Home Page - Remove from Queue**: The user on the homepage can also click on one of the exercises, which will pop up a window that says “Would you like to remove this exercise from the queue?” If the user hits yes, the exercise will now be updated and removed from the list.
13. **View Workouts**: This page should display a list of the user’s workouts, from most to least recent, showing the date and exercises performed.